# FastAI Course Lesson 2
My key findings from Lesson 2 (production) of the FastAI course include:

1. Different methods for resizing using the FastAI library:
* **Squish** - fit the entire image in through distorting the aspect ratio (images may appear squished).
* **Cropped** - use only part of the image but keep the aspect ratio the same (there is also a random resize crop which will crop a different part of the image each time).
* **Padded** - use the entire image but pad the image on one side to keep the aspect ratio the same.

2. Can use a confusion matrix to visually represent correct and incorrect classfications.

3. A helpful technique is to train your model before cleaning the data so that your model can indicate which data is most difficult to recognize.

4. Tools for creating web interfaces:
* **Hugging Face** - a space to host the web interface.
* **Gradio** - a tool for easily building the web interface.

5. You can save a trained model as a pickle file using the pickle library. This allows you to use the trained model in other codespaces by simply *loading in* the trained model from the pickle file.

6. *How many epochs should you train for?* Train until the model has a low enough error (if you train for too long, the error will increase again due to overfitting).

7. You can export Jupyter notebooks as python scripts using `#|export`.

8. You can connect resources like Google Colab or Kaggle to a GPU in order to run code in parallel and speed up runtime. This is primarily important for training models, other code should run fast enough on a regular CPU.

9. Can use github pages to host a website for use as a web interface for a machine learning model.
